
=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Zing::Cartridge - Executable Process File

=cut

=head1 ABSTRACT

Executable Process File Abstraction

=cut

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Zing::Cartridge;

  my $cartridge = Zing::Cartridge->new(name => 'myapp');

  # $cartridge->pid;

=cut

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This package provides an executable process file abstraction.

=cut

=head1 INHERITS

This package inherits behaviors from:

L<Zing::Entity>

=cut

=head1 LIBRARIES

This package uses type constraints from:

L<Zing::Types>

=cut

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

This package has the following attributes:

=cut

=head2 appdir

  appdir(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 appfile

  appfile(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 libdir

  libdir(ArrayRef[Str])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(ArrayRef[Str])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 name

  name(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 piddir

  piddir(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 pidfile

  pidfile(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 scheme

  scheme(Scheme)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Scheme)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head1 METHODS

This package implements the following methods:

=cut

=head2 install

  install(Scheme $scheme) : Object

The install method creates an executable process file on disk for the scheme
provided.

=over 4

=item install example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $cartridge = $cartridge->install(['MyApp', [], 1]);

=back

=over 4

=item install example #2

  use Zing::Cartridge;

  my $cartridge = Zing::Cartridge->new(scheme => ['MyApp', [], 1]);

  $cartridge = $cartridge->install;

=back

=cut

=head2 pid

  pid() : Maybe[Int]

The pid method returns the process ID of the executed process (if any).

=over 4

=item pid example #1

  # given: synopsis

  my $pid = $cartridge->pid;

=back

=cut

=head1 AUTHOR

Al Newkirk, C<awncorp@cpan.org>

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2011-2019, Al Newkirk, et al.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms
of the The Apache License, Version 2.0, as elucidated in the L<"license
file"|https://github.com/cpanery/zing/blob/master/LICENSE>.

=head1 PROJECT

L<Wiki|https://github.com/cpanery/zing/wiki>

L<Project|https://github.com/cpanery/zing>

L<Initiatives|https://github.com/cpanery/zing/projects>

L<Milestones|https://github.com/cpanery/zing/milestones>

L<Contributing|https://github.com/cpanery/zing/blob/master/CONTRIBUTE.md>

L<Issues|https://github.com/cpanery/zing/issues>

=cut
