
=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Zing::Domain - Aggregate Root

=cut

=head1 ABSTRACT

Aggregate Root Construct

=cut

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Zing::Domain;

  my $domain = Zing::Domain->new(name => 'user-1');

  # $domain->recv;

=cut

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This package provides an aggregate abstraction and real-time cross-process
sharable data structure which offers many benefits, not least being able to see
a full history of state changes.

=cut

=head1 LIBRARIES

This package uses type constraints from:

L<Zing::Types>

=cut

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

This package has the following attributes:

=cut

=head2 channel

  channel(Channel)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Channel)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 name

  name(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is required.

=cut

=head2 threshold

  threshold(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head1 METHODS

This package implements the following methods:

=cut

=head2 apply

  apply() : Object

The apply method receives events from the channel and applies the operations.

=over 4

=item apply example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $domain->apply;

=back

=cut

=head2 change

  change(Str $op, Str $key, Any @val) : Object

The change method commits an operation (and snapshot) to the channel. This
method is used internally and shouldn't need to be called directly.

=over 4

=item change example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $domain->change('incr', 'karma');

=back

=cut

=head2 data

  data() : HashRef

The data method returns the raw aggregate data associated with the object.

=over 4

=item data example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $domain->data;

=back

=cut

=head2 decr

  decr(Str $key, Int $val = 1) : Object

The decr method decrements the data associated with a specific key.

=over 4

=item decr example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $domain->decr('karma');

=back

=over 4

=item decr example #2

  # given: synopsis

  $domain->decr('karma', 2);

=back

=cut

=head2 del

  del(Str $key) : Object

The del method deletes the data associated with a specific key.

=over 4

=item del example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $domain->del('missing');

=back

=over 4

=item del example #2

  # given: synopsis

  $domain->set('email', 'me@example.com');

  $domain->del('email');

=back

=cut

=head2 get

  get(Str $key) : Any

The get method return the data associated with a specific key.

=over 4

=item get example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $domain->get('email');

=back

=over 4

=item get example #2

  # given: synopsis

  $domain->set('email', 'me@example.com');

  $domain->get('email');

=back

=cut

=head2 incr

  incr(Str $key, Int $val = 1) : Object

The incr method increments the data associated with a specific key.

=over 4

=item incr example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $domain->incr('karma');

=back

=over 4

=item incr example #2

  # given: synopsis

  $domain->incr('karma', 5);

=back

=cut

=head2 pop

  pop(Str $key) : Object

The pop method pops the data off of the stack associated with a specific key.

=over 4

=item pop example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $domain->pop('history');

=back

=cut

=head2 push

  push(Str $key, Any @val) : Object

The push method pushes data onto the stack associated with a specific key.

=over 4

=item push example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $domain->push('history', { updated => 1234567890 });

=back

=cut

=head2 set

  set(Str $key, Any $val) : Object

The set method commits the data associated with a specific key to the channel.

=over 4

=item set example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $domain->set('updated', 1234567890);

=back

=cut

=head2 shift

  shift(Str $key) : Object

The shift method shifts data off of the stack associated with a specific key.

=over 4

=item shift example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $domain->shift('history');

=back

=cut

=head2 unshift

  unshift(Str $key, Any @val) : Object

The unshift method unshifts data onto the stack associated with a specific key.

=over 4

=item unshift example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $domain->unshift('history', { updated => 1234567890 });

=back

=cut

=head1 AUTHOR

Al Newkirk, C<awncorp@cpan.org>

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2011-2019, Al Newkirk, et al.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms
of the The Apache License, Version 2.0, as elucidated in the L<"license
file"|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/blob/master/LICENSE>.

=head1 PROJECT

L<Wiki|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/wiki>

L<Project|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing>

L<Initiatives|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/projects>

L<Milestones|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/milestones>

L<Contributing|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/blob/master/CONTRIBUTE.md>

L<Issues|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/issues>

=cut
