
=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Zing::Env - Zing Environment

=cut

=head1 ABSTRACT

Zing Environment Abstraction

=cut

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Zing::Env;

  my $env = Zing::Env->new;

=cut

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This package provides a L<Zing> environment abstraction to be used by
L<Zing::App> and other environment-aware objects.

=cut

=head1 LIBRARIES

This package uses type constraints from:

L<Zing::Types>

=cut

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

This package has the following attributes:

=cut

=head2 app

  app(App)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(App)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 appdir

  appdir(Maybe[Str])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Maybe[Str])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 config

  config(HashRef[ArrayRef])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(HashRef[ArrayRef])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 debug

  debug(Maybe[Bool])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Maybe[Bool])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 encoder

  encoder(Maybe[Str])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Maybe[Str])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 handle

  handle(Maybe[Str])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Maybe[Str])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 home

  home(Maybe[Str])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Maybe[Str])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 host

  host(Maybe[Str])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Maybe[Str])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 piddir

  piddir(Maybe[Str])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Maybe[Str])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 store

  store(Maybe[Str])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Maybe[Str])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 target

  target(Maybe[Name])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Maybe[Name])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head1 AUTHOR

Al Newkirk, C<awncorp@cpan.org>

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2011-2019, Al Newkirk, et al.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms
of the The Apache License, Version 2.0, as elucidated in the L<"license
file"|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/blob/master/LICENSE>.

=head1 PROJECT

L<Wiki|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/wiki>

L<Project|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing>

L<Initiatives|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/projects>

L<Milestones|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/milestones>

L<Contributing|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/blob/master/CONTRIBUTE.md>

L<Issues|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/issues>

=cut
