
=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Zing::Lookup - Domain Lookup Table

=cut

=head1 ABSTRACT

Domain Lookup Table Construct

=cut

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Zing::Lookup;

  my $lookup = Zing::Lookup->new(name => 'users');

  # my $domain = $lookup->set('unique-id');

=cut

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This package provides an index and lookup-table for L<Zing::Domain> data
structures which provides the ability to create a collection of domains with
full history of state changes.

=cut

=head1 INHERITS

This package inherits behaviors from:

L<Zing::Domain>

=cut

=head1 LIBRARIES

This package uses type constraints from:

L<Zing::Types>

=cut

=head1 METHODS

This package implements the following methods:

=cut

=head2 cursor

  cursor() : Cursor

The cursor method returns a L<Zing::Cursor> object which provides the ability
to page-through and traverse the lookup dataset forwards and backwards.

=over 4

=item cursor example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $lookup->cursor;

=back

=cut

=head2 del

  del(Str $key) : Lookup

The del method deletes the L<Zing::Domain> associated with a specific key.

=over 4

=item del example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $lookup->del('user-12345');

=back

=over 4

=item del example #2

  # given: synopsis

  $lookup->set('user-12345', 'me@example.com');

  $lookup->del('user-12345');

=back

=cut

=head2 drop

  drop() : Int

The drop method returns truthy if the lookup has been destroyed. This operation
does not cascade.

=over 4

=item drop example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $lookup->set('user-12345', 'me@example.com');

  $lookup->drop;

=back

=over 4

=item drop example #2

  # given: synopsis

  $lookup->set('user-12345', 'me@example.com');

  $lookup->savepoint->send;

  $lookup->drop;

=back

=cut

=head2 get

  get(Str $key) : Maybe[Domain]

The get method return the L<Zing::Domain> associated with a specific key.

=over 4

=item get example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $lookup->get('user-12345');

=back

=over 4

=item get example #2

  # given: synopsis

  $lookup->set('user-12345')->set(email => 'me@example.com');

  $lookup->get('user-12345');

=back

=cut

=head2 savepoint

  savepoint() : Savepoint

The savepoint method returns a L<Zing::Savepoint> object which provides the
ability to save and restore large indices (lookup states). If a lookup has an
associated savepoint it will be loaded automatically on object construction.

=over 4

=item savepoint example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $lookup->savepoint;

=back

=cut

=head2 set

  set(Str $key) : Domain

The set method creates a L<Zing::Domain> association with a specific key in the
lookup. The key must be unique or will overwrite any existing data.

=over 4

=item set example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $lookup->del('user-12345');

  $lookup->set('user-12345');

=back

=cut

=head1 AUTHOR

Al Newkirk, C<awncorp@cpan.org>

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2011-2019, Al Newkirk, et al.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms
of the The Apache License, Version 2.0, as elucidated in the L<"license
file"|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/blob/master/LICENSE>.

=head1 PROJECT

L<Wiki|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/wiki>

L<Project|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing>

L<Initiatives|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/projects>

L<Milestones|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/milestones>

L<Contributing|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/blob/master/CONTRIBUTE.md>

L<Issues|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/issues>

=cut
