
=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Zing::Process - Processing Unit

=cut

=head1 ABSTRACT

Processing Unit and Actor Abstraction

=cut

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Zing::Process;

  my $process = Zing::Process->new;

  # $process->execute;

=cut

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This package provides an actor abstraction which serve as a cooperative
concurrent computational unit in an actor-model architecture.

=cut

=head1 LIBRARIES

This package uses type constraints from:

L<Zing::Types>

=cut

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

This package has the following attributes:

=cut

=head2 cleanup

  cleanup(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 data

  data(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 journal

  journal(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 log

  log(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 logic

  logic(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 loop

  loop(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 mailbox

  mailbox(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 name

  name(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 node

  node(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 parent

  parent(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 registry

  registry(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 server

  server(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 signals

  signals(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 started

  started(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 stopped

  stopped(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head1 METHODS

This package implements the following methods:

=cut

=head2 defer

  defer(HashRef $data) : Object

The defer method allows a process to sends a message to itself for later
processing.

=over 4

=item defer example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $process->defer({ task => { launch => time } });

=back

=cut

=head2 destroy

  destroy() : Object

The destroy method de-registers the process and drops the process-specific data
stores.

=over 4

=item destroy example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $process->destroy;

=back

=cut

=head2 execute

  execute() : Object

The execute method executes the process event-loop indefinitely.

=over 4

=item execute example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $process->execute;

=back

=cut

=head2 exercise

  exercise() : Object

The exercise method executes the event-loop but stops after one iteration.

=over 4

=item exercise example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $process->exercise;

=back

=cut

=head2 metadata

  metadata() : HashRef

The metadata method returns metadata specific to the process.

=over 4

=item metadata example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $process->metadata;

=back

=cut

=head2 shutdown

  shutdown() : Object

The shutdown method haults the process event-loop immediately.

=over 4

=item shutdown example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $process->shutdown;

=back

=cut

=head2 spawn

  spawn(Scheme $scheme) : Fork

The spawn method forks a scheme and returns a L<Zing::Fork> handler.

=over 4

=item spawn example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $process->spawn(['MyApp', [], 1]);

=back

=cut

=head2 winddown

  winddown() : Object

The winddown method haults the process event-loop after the current iteration.

=over 4

=item winddown example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $process->winddown;

=back

=cut

=head1 AUTHOR

Al Newkirk, C<awncorp@cpan.org>

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2011-2019, Al Newkirk, et al.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms
of the The Apache License, Version 2.0, as elucidated in the L<"license
file"|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/blob/master/LICENSE>.

=head1 PROJECT

L<Wiki|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/wiki>

L<Project|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing>

L<Initiatives|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/projects>

L<Milestones|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/milestones>

L<Contributing|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/blob/master/CONTRIBUTE.md>

L<Issues|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/issues>

=cut
