
=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Zing::Repo - Generic Store

=cut

=head1 ABSTRACT

Generic Store Abstraction

=cut

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Zing::Repo;

  my $repo = Zing::Repo->new(name => 'repo');

  # $repo->recv('text-1');

=cut

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This package provides a general-purpose data storage abstraction.

=cut

=head1 LIBRARIES

This package uses type constraints from:

L<Zing::Types>

=cut

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

This package has the following attributes:

=cut

=head2 name

  name(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is required.

=cut

=head2 server

  server(Server)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Server)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 store

  store(Store)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Store)> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 target

  target(Enum[qw(global local)])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Enum[qw(global local)])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head1 METHODS

This package implements the following methods:

=cut

=head2 drop

  drop(Str @keys) : Int

The drop method returns truthy if the data was removed from the store.

=over 4

=item drop example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $repo->drop('text-1');

=back

=cut

=head2 global

  global(Str @keys) : Str

The global method returns a global term (safe word) for the datastore.

=over 4

=item global example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $repo->global('text-1');

=back

=cut

=head2 ids

  ids() : ArrayRef[Str]

The ids method returns a list of IDs (keys) stored under the datastore namespace.

=over 4

=item ids example #1

  # given: synopsis

  my $ids = $repo->ids;

=back

=cut

=head2 keys

  keys() : ArrayRef[Str]

The keys method returns a list of fully-qualified keys stored under the datastore namespace.

=over 4

=item keys example #1

  # given: synopsis

  my $keys = $repo->keys;

=back

=cut

=head2 local

  local(Str @keys) : Str

The local method returns a local term (safe word) for the datastore which includes the node name.

=over 4

=item local example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $repo->local('text-1');

=back

=cut

=head2 term

  term(Str @keys) : Str

The term method generates a term (safe string) for the datastore.

=over 4

=item term example #1

  # given: synopsis

  my $term = $repo->term('text-1');

=back

=cut

=head2 test

  test(Str @keys) : Int

The test method returns truthy if the specific key (or datastore) exists.

=over 4

=item test example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $repo->test('text-1');

=back

=over 4

=item test example #2

  # given: synopsis

  $repo->store->send($repo->term('text-1'), { test => time });

  $repo->test('text-1');

=back

=cut

=head1 AUTHOR

Al Newkirk, C<awncorp@cpan.org>

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2011-2019, Al Newkirk, et al.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms
of the The Apache License, Version 2.0, as elucidated in the L<"license
file"|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/blob/master/LICENSE>.

=head1 PROJECT

L<Wiki|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/wiki>

L<Project|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing>

L<Initiatives|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/projects>

L<Milestones|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/milestones>

L<Contributing|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/blob/master/CONTRIBUTE.md>

L<Issues|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/issues>

=cut
