
=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Zing::Term - Resource Representation

=cut

=head1 ABSTRACT

Resource Representation

=cut

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Zing::KeyVal;
  use Zing::Term;

  my $term = Zing::Term->new(Zing::KeyVal->new(name => 'nodes'));

  # $term->keyval;

=cut

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This package provides a mechanism for generating and validating (global and
local) resource identifiers.

=cut

=head1 LIBRARIES

This package uses type constraints from:

L<Zing::Types>

=cut

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

This package has the following attributes:

=cut

=head2 bucket

  bucket(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is required.

=cut

=head2 handle

  handle(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is required.

=cut

=head2 symbol

  symbol(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is required.

=cut

=head2 system

  system(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is required.

=cut

=head2 target

  target(Str)

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(Str)> values, and is required.

=cut

=head1 METHODS

This package implements the following methods:

=cut

=head2 channel

  channel() : Str

The channel method validates and returns a "channel" resource identifier.

=over 4

=item channel example #1

  use Zing::Channel;

  Zing::Term->new(Zing::Channel->new(name => 'chat'));

  # $term->channel;

=back

=cut

=head2 data

  data() : Str

The data method validates and returns a "data" resource identifier.

=over 4

=item data example #1

  use Zing::Data;
  use Zing::Process;

  Zing::Term->new(Zing::Data->new(name => '0.0.0.0'));

  # $term->data;

=back

=cut

=head2 domain

  domain() : Str

The domain method validates and returns a "domain" resource identifier.

=over 4

=item domain example #1

  use Zing::Domain;

  Zing::Term->new(Zing::Domain->new(name => 'transaction'));

  # $term->domain;

=back

=cut

=head2 kernel

  kernel() : Str

The kernel method validates and returns a "kernel" resource identifier.

=over 4

=item kernel example #1

  use Zing::Kernel;

  Zing::Term->new(Zing::Kernel->new(scheme => ['MyApp', [], 1]));

  # $term->kernel;

=back

=cut

=head2 keyval

  keyval() : Str

The keyval method validates and returns a "keyval" resource identifier.

=over 4

=item keyval example #1

  use Zing::KeyVal;

  Zing::Term->new(Zing::KeyVal->new(name => 'listeners'));

  # $term->keyval;

=back

=cut

=head2 lookup

  lookup() : Str

The lookup method validates and returns a "lookup" resource identifier.

=over 4

=item lookup example #1

  use Zing::Lookup;

  Zing::Term->new(Zing::Lookup->new(name => 'employees'));

  # $term->lookup;

=back

=cut

=head2 mailbox

  mailbox() : Str

The mailbox method validates and returns a "mailbox" resource identifier.

=over 4

=item mailbox example #1

  use Zing::Mailbox;
  use Zing::Process;

  Zing::Term->new(Zing::Mailbox->new(name => '0.0.0.0'));

  # $term->mailbox;

=back

=cut

=head2 meta

  meta() : Str

The meta method validates and returns a "meta" resource identifier.

=over 4

=item meta example #1

  use Zing::Meta;

  Zing::Term->new(Zing::Meta->new(name => 'random'));

  # $term->meta;

=back

=cut

=head2 object

  object() : Object

The object method reifies an object from its resource identifier.

=over 4

=item object example #1

  use Zing::Process;

  my $term = Zing::Term->new(Zing::Process->new);

  $term->object;

=back

=cut

=head2 process

  process() : Str

The process method validates and returns a "process" resource identifier.

=over 4

=item process example #1

  use Zing::Process;

  Zing::Term->new(Zing::Process->new);

  # $term->process;

=back

=cut

=head2 pubsub

  pubsub() : Str

The pubsub method validates and returns a "pubsub" resource identifier.

=over 4

=item pubsub example #1

  use Zing::PubSub;

  Zing::Term->new(Zing::PubSub->new(name => 'operations'));

  # $term->pubsub;

=back

=cut

=head2 queue

  queue() : Str

The queue method validates and returns a "queue" resource identifier.

=over 4

=item queue example #1

  use Zing::Queue;

  Zing::Term->new(Zing::Queue->new(name => 'workflows'));

  # $term->queue;

=back

=cut

=head2 repo

  repo() : Str

The repo method validates and returns a "repo" resource identifier.

=over 4

=item repo example #1

  use Zing::Repo;

  Zing::Term->new(Zing::Repo->new(name => 'miscellaneous'));

  # $term->repo;

=back

=cut

=head2 string

  string() : Str

The string method returns a resource identifier. This method is called
automatically when the object is used as a string.

=over 4

=item string example #1

  # given: synopsis

  $term->string;

=back

=cut

=head1 AUTHOR

Al Newkirk, C<awncorp@cpan.org>

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2011-2019, Al Newkirk, et al.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms
of the The Apache License, Version 2.0, as elucidated in the L<"license
file"|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/blob/master/LICENSE>.

=head1 PROJECT

L<Wiki|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/wiki>

L<Project|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing>

L<Initiatives|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/projects>

L<Milestones|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/milestones>

L<Contributing|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/blob/master/CONTRIBUTE.md>

L<Issues|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/zing/issues>

=cut
